These three projects can be used for Testing the Javascript Browser SDK, iOS SDK, and Java Android SDK. See details below for how to run and use these sample applications. 

iOS: 
	1. Must have xCode to run
	2. Navigate to /iOS and run ~ pod install
	3. Open the .xcworkspace file
	4. To switch the app-id for the project, go to AppDelegate.swift
	5. Otherwise all other functions are in ViewController.swift
	6. A few Twilio / SES functions are not enabled, but the code is there

Android: 
	This application is also just a button that when clicked calls the onClick() function in MainActivity.java. Just comment / uncomment the lines in that file to run that particular functionality. Find details below for how to run the project and work with its contents.

	1. Must Download AndroidStudio to run
	2. To Run with a Simulator you must pick an Android Virtual Device with an x86_64 ABI.
	3. To change the app-id for the project, go to res/values/string.xml and change the value for  stitch_client_app_id
	4. All remaining functionality is in java/com.example.tkaye.stitchexample/MainActivity.java


JavaScript: 
	Browser: 
		CRUD: 
			An HTML / JS file that has several buttons that run functions and output to the console. 
			Can point it to your local copy of the Stitch SDK if you want (top of html file)
			Should have the developer console visible as this is where the application outputs the data
			Functions are in a series of js files in the folder
		Angular: ng serve --open
			An Angular app that contains buttons that execute certain functionality including: 
			Basic Auth (login / logout), Mongo Queries, AWS Requests, and Stitch Function Requests.
			Can point it to your local copy of the Stitch SDK if you want (top of app.component.ts)
	Server: 
		Node: node index.js
			A node server that executes a few Mongo Queries, an AWS Request, a Stitch Function.  
			Can point it to your local copy of the Stitch SDK if you want (top of index.js)
	ReactNative: 
		PureRN: react-native run-android or react-native run-ios
			A react native app that builds an iOS and Android app 
			App has buttons that execute certain functionality including: 
			Basic Auth (login / logout), Mongo Queries, AWS Requests, and Stitch Function Requests.
			Working on being able to point it at a local copy of the StitchSDK but RN makes importing harder
		ExpoRN: 
			A simpler react native app built using expo to ease the development process. 